c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.exe
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.deps.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.dll
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\bin\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.pdb
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Effectgreen.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Effectgreen.props
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Effectgreen.props
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Effectgreen.props
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\bundle\Effectgreen.styles.css
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\Effectgreen.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.dll
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Effectgreen.dll
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.pdb
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\Effectgreen.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\mdgam\Desktop\Coding\Prof_coding\vscode\Effect Green\Effectgreen\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Effectgreen.dll
